Ye Feifan, what did you do to me?
I saved you.
In the end, this is the slap you got in exchange?
Shen Qianyao is unconscious
I don't know anything.
as
Still what are you talking about?
Obviously the god of police and flood
Brought them here and saved us
What does it have to do with you?
Mr. Jin, don't touch me tomorrow
Qianqianyao, I just had to
I beg you to stall for time
In fact, I have already asked Jinglong God of War for help
It was Jinglong God of War who came and knocked them down just now
You see you see
What you said is true
Of course, but this crap
Not only is the king not afraid at all
And he just wanted to take the opportunity to cripple you, right?
He slapped me.
Look at him. Damn it!
Ye Feifan, you are so shameless
Shen Qingyao
Did you really say
You believe this kind of rubbish?
Ye Feifan, don't scold me
Believe it or not, I'll let the Nine Years God of War come and kill you
Ye Feifan
I thought shameless was your limit
I didn't expect you to do such a shameless thing
Qian Yao, if I hadn't been blocking him
I'm afraid you'll be given to this trash today
Hey, I'll ruin you.
I'm so disappointed in you
I don't have any skills at all, and I'm bragging all over the place
Is that what your mom taught you?